Bug 1891478 Implementation of `documentId` in more extension APIs (#44491)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/webnavigation/oncreatednavigationtarget/index.md

If this event is fired, it will be fired before {{WebExtAPIRef("webNavigation.onBeforeNavigate")}}.

> [!NOTE]

> > This event doesn't include `documentId` or `parentDocumentId` because the navigation's target document and its parent don't exist when the event fires. See the [Work with documentId](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Work_with_documentId) article for more information.

Reviewer: Even if the document would exist, `parentDocumentId` would not exist because there is no top level. `frameId` does not exist either (it could have been `0` in theory).

```suggestion
> This event doesn't include `documentId`, `frameId`, `parentDocumentId` or `parentFrameId` because the navigation's target document don't exist when the event fires. See the [Work with documentId](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/Work_with_documentId) article for more information.
```
